feat: Add JSON body support for incoming webhook parameters (#2100)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/incoming_webhook.md

After setting this up, you will be able to start the PipelineRun with a POST
request sent to the controller URL appended with /incoming. The request
can include the very-secure-shared-secret, the repository name (repo), the
target branch (main), and the PipelineRun name either as URL query parameters
(legacy, insecure, and deprecated) or in the POST JSON body (recommended).

You can use the `generateName` field as the PipelineRun name but you will need
to make sure to specify the hyphen (-) at the end.

#### Legacy (URL query) method (deprecated)

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://control.pac.url/incoming?secret=very-secure-shared-secret&repository=repo&branch=main&pipelinerun=target-pipelinerun'
```

**Warning:** Passing secrets in the URL is insecure and will be deprecated. Please use the POST body method below.

#### Recommended (POST JSON body) method

```shell
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST "https://control.pac.url/incoming" -d '{"repository":"repo","branch":"main","pipelinerun":"target-pipelinerun","secret":"very-secure-shared-secret"}'
```

> In both cases, note the `"/incoming"` path to the controller URL and the `"POST"` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases, the `"/incoming"` path to the controller URL and the `"POST"` method will remain unchanged.
```
